DOCSP-9564 crud update array (#79)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/embedded-arrays.txt

===========================
Update Arrays in a Document
===========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

In this guide, you will learn how to update arrays in a document.

To update an array, you need to specify an update and the array elements
you want to update to an update operation. 

Sample Document
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The following sections feature examples on how to update this sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections feature examples that update this sample
```

Nit: To me, the current phrasing implies that the focus on the page is on updating a document (rather than on teaching readers how to update arrays)

document: 

.. code-block:: json

    { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [8, 12, 18] }

The examples on this page use the ``findOneAndUpdate()`` method of the
``MongoCollection`` class to retrieve and update our document. Each
example uses an instance of ``FindOneAndUpdateOptions`` to configure the
method to return the document  after the update occurs. For more
information on the ``findOneAndUpdate()`` method, see our Compound

> Operations guide <TODO>. 

Author: This effort is covered by another ticket.

Operations guide <TODO>. 

Specifying an Update
--------------------

To specify an update, use the ``Updates`` builder. The ``Updates``
builder provides static utility methods to construct update
specifications. For more information on using the ``Updates`` builder with
arrays, see our :ref:`guide on the Updates builder <array_updates>`.

The following example performs these actions: 

- Query for the sample document
- Add "17" to the ``qty`` array using the ``push()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin pushElementsExample
   :end-before: end pushElementsExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [8, 12, 18, 17] }

Specifying Array Elements
-------------------------

You can specify which array elements to update using a positional
operator. Positional operators can specify the first, all, or certain
array elements to update. 

To specify elements in an array with positional operators, use **dot

> notation**. Dot notation is a property access syntax for navigating JSON

Reviewer 2: *BSON objects

The First Array Element
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To update the first element that matches your query filter, use the
positional ``$`` operator. 

The positional ``$`` operator specifies the first element of the array

> matched by your query filter.  

Reviewer: In synchronous it was agreed that the additional line about array field should be added.

Example
```````

The following example performs these actions:

> - Query for the position in ``qty`` where the value is "18"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query for a document with a ``qty`` field containing the value "18"
```

Issue: As the find operation queries for a document with a certain property, I believe it is incorrect to say that the find operation "queries for a position".

Author: I disagree. It is looking for a position, hence the use of a positional operator.

Reviewer: In synchronous discussion we agreed that the initial comment is correct

> - Decrement the value by "3"  using the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder  
> - Match and update the first element in the array with a positional ``$`` operator 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decrement the first array value that matches the query document by "3"  using the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder  and a a positional ``$`` operator
- Update and retrieve the document
```
Issue: I believe the phrase about the positional operator should be moved into the second bullet, as the positional operator is specified in the `inc()` method rather than in the `findOneAndUpdate()` method. This same note also applies to the other two examples in the "Specifying Array Elements" section.

Suggestion: I believe "the value" can be made more precise.

Author: I disagree. The bullets were written according to what the code is showing. As is, it correctly describes each part. If more specific details were given in each bullet, it may confuse the reader since the code doesn't reflect that.

Reviewer: In synchronous discussion is was agreed that the initial comment was correct

   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateAllElementsExample
   :end-before: end updateAllElementsExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [16, 24, 36] }

For additional information on the operator and method mentioned in this
section, see the following resources: 

- :manual:`Positional $[] Operator </reference/operator/update/positional-all/>` Server Manual Entry
- :java-core-api:`mul() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#mul(java.lang.String,java.lang.Number)>` API Documentation

Multiple Array Elements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To update multiple array elements that match your query filter, use the
filtered positional ``$[<identifier>]`` operator. You must include an
array filter to specify which array elements to update.

The ``<identifier>`` is the placeholder value you give to represent
elements of the array field. This value must begin with a
lowercase letter and contain only alphanumeric characters.

Example
```````

The following example performs these actions:

- Query for the sample document

> - Set a ``FindOneAndUpdateOptions.arrayFilters`` condition to search for values less than "15"

Author: Rephrased to: Set the array filter to search for values less than "15"

I believe this is simpler and to the point. The extra details you have seem to be unnecessary since they're mentioned prior to the example.

> - Increment the value by "5"  using the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder  

Author: Addressed this comment in an earlier comment.

===========================
Update Arrays in a Document
===========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

In this guide, you will learn how to update arrays in a document.

To update an array, you must do the following:

- Specify the update you want to perform
- Specify what array elements to apply your update to
- Perform an update operation using these specifications

Sample Document
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following sections feature examples that update this sample
document: 

.. code-block:: json

>     { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [8, 12, 18] }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    { "_id": 1, "qty": [8, 12, 18] }
```

Nit: As the color field is not referenced in examples, I feel it should be removed from the page. I feel "_id" and "qty" are sufficient for demonstrating the concepts necessary to perform array updates.

example uses an instance of the ``FindOneAndUpdateOptions`` class to
have MongoDB retrieve the document after the update occurs. For
more information on the ``findOneAndUpdate()`` method, see our Compound
Operations guide <TODO>. 

Specifying an Update
--------------------

To specify an update, use the ``Updates`` builder. The ``Updates``
builder provides static utility methods to construct update
specifications. For more information on using the ``Updates`` builder with
arrays, see our :ref:`guide on the Updates builder <array_updates>`.

The following example performs these actions: 

- Query for the sample document
- Add "17" to the ``qty`` array using the ``push()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin pushElementsExample
   :end-before: end pushElementsExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [8, 12, 18, 17] }

Specifying Array Elements
-------------------------

You can specify which array elements to update using a positional

> operator. Positional operators can specify the first, all or certain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operator. Positional operators can specify the first, all, or certain
```

Nit: I think a comma should go here. Not 100% sure though.

array elements to update. 

To specify elements in an array with positional operators, use **dot
notation**. Dot notation is a property access syntax for navigating JSON
objects. 

For additional information, see the server manual entry on
:manual:`dot notation </core/document/#std-label-document-dot-notation>`.

> The First Array Element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The First Matching Array Element
```
Suggestion: I think this heading could be made clearer by adding the word matching. I was confused the first time I read this as the example below does not update the first element of its array.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To update the first element that matches your query filter, use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the first array element that matches your query filter, use the
```

Nit: I think this can be made clearer by saying "array element". I personally am not sure what an "element" is (can be inferred from context but it isn't a term I am familiar with).

positional ``$`` operator. The array field must appear as part of your
query document to use the positional ``$`` operator. 

Example
```````

The following example performs these actions:

- Query for a document with a ``qty`` field containing the value "18"
- Decrement the first array value that matches the query document by "3"  using the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder and the positional ``$`` operator 

> - Update and retrieve the document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Suggestion: I believe this last bullet can be deleted on all examples where it is included (The First Array Element, All Array Elements, and Multiple Array Elements sections). The Specifying an Update section already does not include the third bullet, and I think it works well without it:

> Query for the sample document
Add "17" to the qty array using the push() method of the Updates builder

In addition, I think it is slightly confusing as I feel the verb (in this case decrement) implies that the value was changed. This sounds to me like 2 updates occured.

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateValueExample
   :end-before: end updateValueExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [8, 12, 15] }

For additional information on the operator and method mentioned in this
section, see the following resources: 

- :manual:`Positional $ Operator </reference/operator/update/positional>` Server Manual Entry
- :java-core-api:`inc() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#inc(java.lang.String,java.lang.Number)>` API Documentation

All Array Elements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To update all elements in an array, use the all positional ``$[]`` operator. 

Example
```````

The following example performs these actions: 

- Query for the sample document

> - Multiply array elements matching the filter by "2"  using the ``mul()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder and the all ``$[]`` positional operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiply array elements matching the filter by "2"  using the ``mul()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder and the all positional ``$[]`` operator
```

Suggestion: I believe the other sections on the page refer to this as the "all positional $[] operator" rather than the "all $[] positional operator"

- Update and retrieve the document

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateAllElementsExample
   :end-before: end updateAllElementsExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [16, 24, 36] }

For additional information on the operator and method mentioned in this
section, see the following resources: 

- :manual:`All Positional $[] Operator </reference/operator/update/positional-all/>` Server Manual Entry
- :java-core-api:`mul() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#mul(java.lang.String,java.lang.Number)>` API Documentation

> Multiple Array Elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array Elements Matching a Filter
```

Suggestion: I think the title "Multiple Array Elements" does not communicate the content of the section (matching with a filter). I think mentioning "Filter" in the title could better communicate the section's content.

===========================
Update Arrays in a Document
===========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

In this guide, you will learn how to update arrays in a document.

To update an array, you must do the following:

- Specify the update you want to perform
- Specify what array elements to apply your update to
- Perform an update operation using these specifications

Sample Document
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following sections feature examples that update this sample
document: 

.. code-block:: json

    { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [8, 12, 18] }

The examples on this page use the ``findOneAndUpdate()`` method of the
``MongoCollection`` class to retrieve and update our document. Each
example uses an instance of the ``FindOneAndUpdateOptions`` class to

> configure the method to return the document after the update occurs. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have MongoDB retrieve the document after the update occurs. For
```
Suggestion: I think saying "configure the method" implies that the method has access to both the document in the state before the update and the state after the update. I think saying that "have mongodb retrieve" gives a clearer picture of what information the method has at what time.

> configure the method to return the document after the update occurs. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure the method to return our document after the update occurs. For
```

Suggestion: Parallel structure. I believe earlier in the paragraph it is referred to as "our document". Alternatively the earlier mention could be changed to "the document".

positional ``$`` operator. The array field must appear as part of your
query document to use the positional ``$`` operator. 

Example
```````

The following example performs these actions:

- Query for a document with a ``qty`` field containing the value "18"
- Decrement the first array value that matches the query document by "3"  using the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder and a positional ``$`` operator 
- Update and retrieve the document

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateValueExample
   :end-before: end updateValueExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [8, 12, 15] }

For additional information on the operator and method mentioned in this
section, see the following resources: 

- :manual:`Positional $ Operator </reference/operator/update/positional>` Server Manual Entry
- :java-core-api:`inc() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#inc(java.lang.String,java.lang.Number)>` API Documentation

All Array Elements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To update all elements in an array that match your query filter, use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update all elements in an array, use the
```

Issue: I don't believe the all positional operator is related to the query filter in the find operation (I say query filter in the find operation as the previous example states that the positional $ operator "updates the first element that matches your query filter" and is referring to the query filter in the find operation). 

I believe that in the example below, the query is "_id : 1", this query does not match an array (the query in the positional $ example must match an array and so queries the quantity field).

all positional ``$[]`` operator. 

Example
```````

The following example performs these actions: 

- Query for the sample document
- Multiplies each value by "2"  using the ``mul()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder 
- Updates all elements in the ``qty`` array using an all ``$[]`` positional operator

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateAllElementsExample
   :end-before: end updateAllElementsExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id": 1, "color": "green", "qty": [16, 24, 36] }

For additional information on the operator and method mentioned in this
section, see the following resources: 

- :manual:`All Positional $[] Operator </reference/operator/update/positional-all/>` Server Manual Entry
- :java-core-api:`mul() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#mul(java.lang.String,java.lang.Number)>` API Documentation

Multiple Array Elements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To update multiple array elements that match your query filter, use the
> filtered positional ``$[<identifier>]`` operator. You must include an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update array elements that match a filter, use the
filtered positional ``$[<identifier>]`` operator. You must include an
```
Issue: This is similar to a comment from All Array Elements from earlier in this round of reviews. I do not believe the filtered query operator relates to the query filter from the find operation (in the example below the query document in the find operation does not specify an array).

array filter in your update operation to specify which array elements to
update. 

The ``<identifier>`` is the name you give your array filter. This value
must begin with a lowercase letter and contain only alphanumeric
characters. 

Example
```````

The following example performs these actions:

- Query for the sample document
- Set an array filter to search for values less than "15"
- Increment the value by "5"  using the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder  

> - Update each element matched in the array using a filtered positional operator

Reviewer: Issue: I believe [this comment](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-java/pull/79#discussion_r636510479) also applies here.

    { "_id": 1, 
      "color": "green", 
      "instock": [
        {"qty": 13, "warehouse": ["A", "E"]}, 
        {"qty": 18, "warehouse": ["B", "C"]}, 
        {"qty": 20, "warehouse": ["B", "F"]} ]}

.. _filtered_positional_operator:

Filtered Positional Operator
----------------------------

To update certain embedded arrays in a document, specify a
``UpdateOptions.arrayFilters`` condition and use the filtered positional
``$[<identifier>]`` operator. 

The ``<identifier>`` is the placeholder value you give to represent an
element of the array field. This value is the prefix of the array
variable in your ``arrayFilters``. 

.. note::

    The ``<identifier>`` must begin with a lowercase letter and contain
    only alphanumeric characters.

Example
~~~~~~~

The following example removes "B" from the ``warehouse`` array in each
embedded array by:

- Setting a ``UpdateOptions.arrayFilters`` condition to search for "B" in the warehouse array
- Using the ``pull()`` method with a filtered positional operator to remove "B"

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateValueExample

>    :end-before: end updateValueExample

Author: Good catch! I forgot to change it after I copied it from the previous section.

===========================
Update Arrays in a Document
===========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

In this guide, you will learn how to match and update **embedded arrays** in
a document.

An embedded array is an array within another array. Compared to a
non-embedded array, there are differences in: 

- :ref:`Accessing array elements <accessing-elements>`
- :ref:`Specifying an update <specify-update>`
- :ref:`Specifying an array <specify-array>`

The following sections feature examples on how to update the ``instock``

> array in this document:

Author: Updated to: 
```suggestion 
The following sections feature examples on how to update this sample document:
```

.. code-block:: json

    { "_id": 1, 
      "color": "green", 
      "instock": [
        { "qty": 8, "warehouse": ["A", "E"] }, 
        { "qty": 13, "warehouse": ["B", "C"] }, 
        { "qty": 15, "warehouse": ["B", "F"] } ]}

Each example uses the ``findOneAndUpdate()`` method to execute the
update and ``FindOneAndUpdateOptions`` to show the resulting
document after the update. For more information, see our Compound

> Operations guide <TODO>. 

Author: Updated to:

```suggestion 
The examples on this page use the findOneAndUpdate() method of the MongoCollection class 
to retrieve and update our document. Each example uses an instance of FindOneAndUpdateOptions 
to configure the method to return the document after the update occurs. For more information on the 
findOneAndUpdate() method, see our Compound Operations guide <TODO>.
```

.. _accessing-elements:

Accessing Elements
------------------

Use the dot notation to access elements in an embedded array.

The following document shows ``inner_array1`` and ``inner_array2`` as
embedded arrays of ``outer_array``:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   { "_id" : 2,
     "outer_array": [
        { "inner_array1": [ val1, val2 ] }, 
        { "inner_array2": [ val3, val4 ] }]}

To access the values of ``inner_array2`` in the document above, use
``outer_array.inner_array2``. 

For additional information, see the server manual explanation on
:manual:`dot notation </core/document/#std-label-document-dot-notation>`.

.. _specify-update:

Specifying an Update
--------------------

Pass a query filter and an ``Updates`` builder to the
``findOneAndUpdate()`` method to specify an update. 

The query filter looks for the first document that matches your criteria. 

The ``Updates`` builder provides static utility methods to update fields
and arrays in a document. To update an embedded array, pass the field
and the updated document representing an embedded array to one of the

> following methods of the ``Updates`` builder: 

Author: This section was removed.

- ``pull()`` removes all embedded arrays with the values in the document
- ``push()`` appends the document to the array regardless if the embedded array exists

> - ``addToSet()`` appends the document to an array if the embedded array does not exist

Author: This section was removed.

The other array :doc:`Updates builder </fundamentals/builders/updates>`
methods operate the same way as for non-embedded arrays. 

> 

Author: Didn't add this back in.

The following example performs the following actions: 

- Create a new document where ``qty`` is "11" and ``warehouse`` is "D"

> - Use the ``push()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder to add the document to the ``instock`` array

Author: The sample document was updated and this no longer applies.

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin pushElementsExample
   :end-before: end pushElementsExample

The output of the above code should look like this:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

    { "_id": 1, 
      "color": "green", 
      "instock": [
        { "qty": 8, "warehouse": ["A", "E"] }, 
        { "qty": 13, "warehouse": ["B", "C"] }, 
        { "qty": 15, "warehouse": ["B", "F"] }, 

>         { "qty": 11, "warehouse": ["D"] } ]}

Author: The sample document was updated and this no longer applies.

For additional information on the methods mentioned in this section, see
the following resources: 

- :java-core-api:`push() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#push(java.lang.String,TItem)>` API Documentation
- :java-core-api:`pull() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#pull(java.lang.String,TItem)>` API Documentation

> - :java-core-api:`addToSet() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#addToSet(java.lang.String,TItem)>` API Documentation

Author: Since methods were no longer mentioned, I removed this.

.. _specify-array:

Specifying an Array
-------------------

You can specify which embedded array to update using a positional
operator. This specification is your first parameter in your ``Updates``
builder. Positional operators can specify the first, all or certain
embedded arrays to update. 

The First Array Element
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the positional ``$`` operator to update the first element that
matches your query filter. 

The positional ``$`` operator references the array matched by your query
filter and cannot reference an embedded array. If you want to access an
embedded array, use the :ref:`filtered positional operator <filtered_positional_operator>`. 

Example
```````

The following example performs the following actions:

- Query for embedded arrays where "B" exists in warehouses
- Use the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder to decrement the ``qty`` field by "3" 

> - Use a positional ``$`` operator to indicate an update to the first matched embedded array

Author: I refer to them as "array values"

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateValueExample
   :end-before: end updateValueExample

The output of the above code should look like this:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

    { "_id": 1, 
      "color": "green", 
      "instock": [
        { "qty": 8, "warehouse": ["A", "E"] }, 
        { "qty": 10, "warehouse": ["B", "C"] }, 
        { "qty": 15, "warehouse": ["B", "F"] } ]}

For additional information on the operator and method mentioned in this
section, see the following resources: 

- :manual:`Positional $ Operator </reference/operator/update/positional>` Server Manual Explanation

> - :java-core-api:`inc() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#inc(java.lang.String,java.lang.Number)>` API Documentation

Author: I choose not to implement this change since we were told it's up to us which one to use.

Example
```````

The following example performs the following actions: 

- Using the ``inc()`` method of the ``Updates`` builder to increment the ``qty`` field by "5"
- Use an all positional operator to indicate an update to each embedded array

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/UpdateArray.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateAllElementsExample
   :end-before: end updateAllElementsExample

The example above updates the original document to the following state:

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

    { "_id": 1, 
      "color": "green", 
      "instock": [
        {"qty": 13, "warehouse": ["A", "E"]}, 
        {"qty": 18, "warehouse": ["B", "C"]}, 
        {"qty": 20, "warehouse": ["B", "F"]} ]}

For additional information on the operator and method mentioned in this
section, see the following resources: 

- :manual:`Positional $[] Operator </reference/operator/update/positional-all/>` Server Manual Explanation
- :java-core-api:`inc() <com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html#inc(java.lang.String,java.lang.Number)>` API Documentation

.. _filtered_positional_operator:

Filtered Array Elements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Specify a ``UpdateOptions.arrayFilters`` condition and use the filtered
> positional ``$[<identifier>]`` operator to update certain embedded
> arrays in a document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To match array elements using a filter, use the filtered
positional ``$[<identifier>]`` operator. You must specify a
list of array filters in your update operation to use a filtered
positional ``$[<identifier>]`` operator.
```

Issue: I believe this section should start with the task it teachers readers how to perform (task oriented docs). 

Suggestion: I believe the "specifying an array filter" statement could work well as a prerequisite "you must" for using a filtered positional operator.

Author: Updated to:
```suggestion
You must include an array filter to specify which array elements to update.
```

The ``<identifier>`` is the placeholder value you give to represent an
element of the array field. This value is the prefix of the array

> variable in your ``arrayFilters``. 
> 
> .. note::
> 
>     The ``<identifier>`` must begin with a lowercase letter and contain
>     only alphanumeric characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable in your ``arrayFilters``.  The ``<identifier>`` must begin with a lowercase letter and contain
only alphanumeric characters.
```

Question: Is there a reason why this is in a separate note?

Author: removed the note and put the content within the paragraph
